All right.
So now we are in the phase of creating the LM test case, which is mentioned in the documentation,
as you can see over here.
So this is the same thing which I'm going to write probably.
So I think I'm going to copy this code and I'm going to paste it over here.
So I'm going to say creating LM test case uh required for the deep uh a valve evaluation purpose.
Right.
So I'm going to do that over here and I'm going to paste this particular piece of code.
So it looks like it requires an LM test case which actually comes from another library.
So I'm going to import that over here.
So I'm going to say from our deep eval dot data set uh import golden.
We do require the golden uh over there.
And I also require from deep eval dot our test case which is going to import the, uh, LM test case,
as you can see over here.
So these are the two libraries which is required for this code to be executed.
And we also have got a list.
So I think it's coming from the typings.
So I'm going to import the list over here.
So these are the libraries required for us over here.
And now as you can see um in this copy pasted code, these guys tell us that the LM test case has got
the input as golden dot input.
And they have got an actual output, which is going to be coming from an hypothetical, uh, chat,
which is like the query.
See this this actual output is not something that we can actually pass it, something like this.
So this is something we are going to be parsing it from our code that we have written, which is this
guy, the query with the context.
Right.
This method actually does that for us over here.
And the context is also not something that we're looking for.
We are going to be creating what is called as the retrieval context, uh, which is this one.
That is what we are going to be passing it over here.
And this is also not coming from the golden context for us.
So you know how the golden is actually right, because we saw that earlier as well.
So if I try to run this particular, um, data set, you can see that the data set has got Goldens and
the Goldens has got input.
It has got the actual outputs, that's all.
And it has got sorry inputs and actual output is a null.
And the expected output is the thing that we have got over there, but we don't really have the the
actual output as well as the retrieval context as you can see over here.
So the retrieval context, uh, if I just go see that little context is none, uh, and the context
is none, all of these are none.
So only two values are there in this particular golden, as you can see.
So now I need to fill these details over here.
Uh, so how do I actually do that.
Well remember this method that we created the query with the context.
This will give you the retrieval context and the response.
Uh, so I think what we can do is I'm going to, uh, do something like context, uh, comma the rags,
uh, response, which is going to be from this particular method, uh, And I'm over here, I'm going
to pass the golden dot input.
This golden dot input is going to be the question that I'm passing in to this particular method, which
is going to give me the context and the rag response.
So the rag response is going to go over here, because that is the response that I'm trying to verify
from the actual output.
And the context is the retrieval context that I'm going to pass in for the, for the LLM test case over
here.
That's it.
This is going to create the test case for me.
And now if I try to uh, probably uh, run this code and see how that actually looks like, which I
can actually do something like this.
So there is something called as, uh, convert uh, golden to test case.
I'm going to call this particular method.
I'm going to store that to the data.
And I'm going to pass this particular data set that we have got which is this data set uh, that we
have uh, created.
So I think the data set we have already pushed there.
We can also pull the data set, uh, to see how that actually works.
The pulling mechanism is also something that I can show you, but I think the data set already has got
the data.
So if I just go and see the data set, uh, over here, you see that we have got the data set with the
data there.
But I also wanted to see the test execution to really happen over here.
Like every time when I try to run this particular code, you should see that the code actually works
as expected for the test case, because you need to trigger our rag to perform the operation and is
currently not happening.
And the reason why this is not happening is because if you go to this data set, uh, over here at the
moment, uh, so that's why I have printed it over here.
Data set.
You can see that the data set has got the evaluation data set.
But there is no test case over here.
Like all the test cases are currently empty.
But it only has got the goldens, as you can see over here.
So how do I actually get the test cases that I actually need for the evaluation data set?
Remember the test cases are something that is there in the, uh, data set that we have, uh, uploaded
in our deep a valve over here.
As you can see this one testing tools data set.
We need to import this data set so that we can use this data set for our evaluation purpose.
So the way you can import it is you just have to do this and call the pull method.
And over here on the pull method we can give our name of the data set which is going to be the testing
tool data set, which is this one that's going to pull the data set for us from the cloud, which is
from the confident AI.
And now if you just go see the data set that you have got, you will notice that the data set will also
have got a test case for the execution.
See that there is the test case for the LM, uh test case.
And it has got the input uh, and it will have the actual output and the expected output.
So it's not only going to have the golden, but it will also have got the test cases.
This is something that we really need For our method over here.
The convert golden to test case this guy because we are looking for the golden dot input.
And also we are passing the golden dot expected like golden dot input for our query context.
Because this is the only, uh, code which is going to trigger our Rag operation to happen in this particular
method over here.
So we definitely need to pass the, uh, the actual value.
And this is now passed over here.
See that now the Goldens are converted into our test cases over here for us.
And this is happening because of the pull method that we did from the data set over here.
So this is like a way that you are having you need to do because you have pushed the data set on the
cloud.
So that is what you should be doing over here.
I know this is a bit of a tricky which is not there in the raga, uh, but uh, over here, we do have
to do that this way.
All right.
So now if I try to run this particular code over here, you should see that the execution is right now
happening.
So basically now the actual, method is being triggered, and it's also triggering our Rag operation
to work to get the relevant um, like the retrieved uh context as well as the responses from the relevant
documents and stuff, because that is when things are going to happen.
And now if I just go and see the data, like how it is actually looking like, so if I'm going to put
the data there and if I try to execute it, you should see that we have got the, the, the input,
the actual outputs, and we have got the expected output, as you can see.
And we also have got the retrieved context as you can see over here.
So all of these are currently sitting for us over here which is quite amazing.
So everything is created for us over here.
So now with this particular data we can start doing the evaluation.
So now we have created the actual, uh, actual LM test case, which is used for the evaluation of our
deep eval, which we will be discussing in our next lecture.